That's enough!
Tang Yao
I want everyone to know you
The newcomers brought by Tang Consortium do not know the etiquette
Not even worthy of lifting my shoes
The driving director is here
Producer teacher
This Tang's rookie openly beat people on set
Vicious mind
Get him out of here!
Kick them out
And it's not Director Du
How about Du Xinghe?
Best Actor Song needs me to remind you
No no no wait for me
It's all a misunderstanding
Oh, Director Du
Didn't they recognize you?
Not on purpose
Don't bother with others.
My baby will be angry and jealous if you do this, baby.
Mr. Lu is back
Miss Tang is in love
That's not right.
This is not the one who had an affair with Miss Tang before
Mr. Lu, you know Miss Tang's itinerary
Specially for the crew
You just met and are ready to leave
Is there any misunderstanding?
Mr. Du, you saw it too
Tang Yao has a close relationship with that director
The two of them might have something
This woman doesn't deserve you at all
Su Xiao, don't forget
We're just acting
After the play, the cooperation is terminated
No one will pay you.
fake
The director is now ready for the male lead audition
Who do you think will speak first?